[Scene 1] It is a race track with several turns and straights, surrounded by green grass and trees.
[Scene 2] A view of an empty race track with a tower in the background.
[Scene 3] A man, wearing a black jacket, is standing next to a parked car and talking to the camera.
[Scene 4] A man standing next to three porsches in a parking lot.
[Scene 5] A man in a black jacket standing next to a white car.
[Scene 6] Three pictures of a car driving on a track.
[Scene 7] The person is in a car, possibly driving a porsche, and talking about the dynamic chassis.
[Scene 8] Three pictures of a car driving down a road with a building in the background.
[Scene 9] A man driving a car with a helmet on.
[Scene 10] The car is being driven on a racetrack.
[Scene 11] The driver is in the car, wearing a helmet, and driving at high speed.
[Scene 12] A person driving a car on a race track.
[Scene 13] A man is driving a car on a racetrack and the camera captures the interior of the car and the man's face from different angles.
[Scene 14] A person is accelerating out of a corner in a car, and the porsche torque vectoring system is being used to control the car's acceleration and distribution of drive force.
[Scene 15] A man driving a car while wearing a helmet.
[Scene 16] A series of pictures of a race track.
[Scene 17] Three porsches parked side by side in a parking lot.
[Scene 18] A man wearing a black jacket and a beard is standing on the street and talking to the camera.
[Scene 19] A man in a black jacket is standing next to a row of porsche cars on a racetrack.
[Scene 20] A man in a black jacket with a beard.
[Scene 21] Porsche logo on a white background.